People learn in lots of different ways, but experience is the best teacher.
No, I disagree. “R” is one of the most menacing of sounds. That’s why they call it murder not ‘muckduck’.
Everyone, follow me to the shelter. We’ve got enough food for 14 days. After that, we have a difficult conversation.
I always wondered how they picked the person to die. I’d be good at picking the person. When my mother was pregnant with me, they did an ultrasound and found she was having twins. When they did another ultrasound a few weeks later, they discovered that I had adsorbed the other fetus. Do I regret this? No, I believe his tissue has made me stronger. I now have the strength of a grown man and a little baby.
And I will travel to New Zealand. And walk the Lord of the Rings trail to Mordor.
In an ideal world, I would have all 10 fingers on my left hand so my right hand could just be a fist for punching.
I am better than you have ever been or ever will be.
I am faster than 80% of all snakes.
Always the Padawan, never the Jedi.
There are 3 things you never turn your back on: bears, men you have wronged, and a dominant male turkey during mating season.
Nothing stresses me out. Except having to seek the approval of my inferiors.
Before I do anything, I ask myself, ‘Would an idiot do that?’ And if the answer is yes, I do not do that thing.
All you need is love? False. The four basic human necessities are air, water, food and shelter.
I am ready to face any challenge that might be foolish enough to face me.
You couldn’t handle my undivided attention.
Nostalgia is truly one of the great human weaknesses. Second only to the neck.
Growing up I performed my own circumcision.
You think you’re excited? You should feel my nipples.
And I misspelled, in front of the entire school, the word “failure”.
I am fast. To give you a reference point I am somewhere between a snake and a mongoose… And a panther.
Through concentration, I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will.
I never thought I’d say this, but I think I ate too much bone marrow.
PowerPoints are the peacocks of the business world; all show, no meat.
Bread is the paper of the food industry. You write your sandwich on it.
In an ideal world I would have all ten fingers on my left hand and the right one would just be left for punching.
I grew up on a farm. I have seen animals having sex in every position imaginable. Goat on chicken. Chicken on goat. Couple of chickens doing a goat, couple of pigs watching.
I love catching people in the act. That’s why I always whip open doors.
Those who can’t farm, farm celery.
It’s better to be hurt by someone you know accidentally, than by a stranger on purpose.
A real man swallows his vomit when a lady is present.
How would I describe myself? Three words: hardworking, alpha male, jackhammer, merciless, insatiable.
And I did not become a Lackawanna County volunteer sheriff’s deputy to make friends. And by the way, I haven’t.
Why are all these people here? There’re too many people on this earth. We need a new plague.
Learn your rules. You better learn your rules. If you don’t, you’ll be eaten in your sleep.
Yes. I have decided to shun Andy Bernard for the next three years. Which I’m looking forward to. It’s an Amish technique. It’s like slapping someone with silence.
I never smile if I can help it, showing one’s teeth is a submission signal in primates. Someone smiles at me, all I see is a chimpanzee begging for its life.
In the wild, there is no healthcare. Healthcare is Oh, I broke my leg! A lion comes and eats you, you’re dead. Well, I’m not dead, I’m the lion, you’re dead!
I don’t have a lot of experience with vampires, but I have hunted werewolves. I shot one once, but by the time I got to it, it had turned back into my neighbor’s dog.
Congratulations on your one cousin. I have seventy, each one better than the last!
The Civil War history industry has conveniently forgotten about the battle of Schrute Farms. Whatever. I’m over it. It’s just grossly irresponsible.
The hand that reaches from the grave to grip your throat is the strong hand you want on the wheel.
Fortunately, my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of a normal man’s.
My perfect Valentine’s day? I’m at home, three cell phones in front of me, fielding desperate calls from people who want to buy one of the fifty restaurant reservations I made over six months ago.
Women are like wolves. If you want one you must trap it. Snare it. Tame it. Feed it.
Identity theft is not a joke, Jim! Millions of families suffer every year.
There are a huge number of yeast infections in this county. Probably because we’re downriver from that old bread factory.
I signed up for Second Life about a year ago. Back then, my life was so great that I literally wanted a second one. Absolutely everything was the same… except I could fly. 